## How to View and Edit JPG\_128X96 Images for Free

  
# How to View and Edit JPG\_128X96 Images for Free
 
JPG\_128X96 is a file extension that is often seen in digital photos and image files that are stored in certain Android mobile devices. These files are also known as Android picture files and contain bitmap image data. In many instances, these files are found in Samsung Galaxy S handsets that run on the Android platform[^2^]. These digital pictures may be encrypted by the app that generated them, which means they could only be opened and viewed by using the same app.
 
## jpg 128x96 viewer free download


[**DOWNLOAD**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fcinurl.com%2F2tLsXM&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3E2ShOdnvwyrsG4z9nFr18)

 
However, if you want to view and edit these files on your computer, you may need a third-party software that can handle this file format. One of the options you can try is JPEGView[^1^], a free and open source image viewer and editor that supports JPEG, BMP, PNG, WEBP, TGA, GIF and TIFF images with a minimal GUI. JPEGView allows you to adjust typical parameters such as sharpness, color balance, rotation, perspective, contrast and local under-/overexposure on the fly during viewing. It also has a movie mode to play a folder of JPEGs as a movie.
 
To use JPEGView, you can download it from SourceForge.net[^1^] and extract the ZIP file to a folder of your choice. Then, you can run the JPEGView.exe file to launch the program. You can drag and drop your JPG\_128X96 files to the program window or use the File menu to open them. You will see a toolbar at the bottom of the window that shows you the image information and some basic editing options. You can also right-click on the image to access more features and settings.
 
JPEGView is a lean and fast image viewer and editor that can help you view and edit your JPG\_128X96 files for free. However, it may not be able to decrypt some encrypted files or preserve the original quality of some images. If you encounter any problems with JPEGView, you can try other alternatives such as Picasa Photo Viewer[^3^] or Acrobat.com[^2^].

In this article, we have shown you how to view and edit JPG\_128X96 files for free using JPEGView, a free and open source image viewer and editor. We have also mentioned some other alternatives that you can try if JPEGView does not work for you. However, you may wonder why these files have such a strange extension and what they are used for.
 
The JPG\_128X96 file extension indicates the resolution of the image, which is 128 pixels by 96 pixels. This is a very low resolution that is suitable for small screens or thumbnails. These files are usually generated by some Android apps that use the camera or capture images from the screen. For example, some apps may use these files to store contact photos or app icons. These files are usually stored in the "my files" folder or the app's own folder on the device.
 
Some of these apps may encrypt these files to protect them from unauthorized access or modification. This means that you may not be able to open them with other apps or programs unless you have the encryption key or password. In some cases, you may be able to decrypt these files by renaming them to .jpg or .png and opening them with a standard image viewer. However, this may not work for all files and may result in corrupted images.
 
Therefore, if you want to view and edit these files on your computer, you should use a program that can handle this file format and decrypt them if necessary. As we have mentioned before, JPEGView is one of the options you can try, but there may be others as well. You should always be careful when downloading and installing any software from the internet and make sure it is safe and reliable.
 
We hope this article has helped you understand more about JPG\_128X96 files and how to view and edit them for free. If you have any questions or feedback, please let us know in the comments below.
 0f148eb4a0
